.TH isdv4-serial-debugger 1 "@VERSION@" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
isdv4-serial-debugger \- ISDV4 serial protocol debugger
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B isdv4-serial-debugger
[options] device
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B isdv4-serial-debugger
is a protocol debugger for ISDV4 serial Wacom devices. It connects to a Wacom
tablet via a serial port, queries its capabilities, and displays real-time pen
and touch events. This tool is useful for debugging and understanding the ISDV4
protocol used by Wacom tablets.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Display usage information.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
Enable verbose output for debugging.
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Display version information and exit.
.TP
.B \-b, \-\-baudrate baudrate
Set the baud rate for the serial connection. Default is 38400.
.TP
.B \-\-reset
Send a reset command to the tablet before starting.
.SH USAGE
To use isdv4-serial-debugger, specify the serial device
file (typically /dev/ttyS0 or similar) and any desired options:

.B isdv4-serial-debugger /dev/ttyS0

This will connect to the tablet, query its capabilities, and display real-time events.
.SH OUTPUT
The tool displays tablet information including:
.TP
\- Version and capabilities of the tablet
.TP
\- Maximum X and Y coordinates
.TP
\- Maximum tilt and pressure values
.TP
\- Touch sensor information (if available)

During operation, it shows real-time events in the format:
.TP
\- Pen events: position, pressure, tilt, and button states
.TP
\- Touch events: position, capacity, and finger status
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B isdv4-serial-debugger \-b 19200 /dev/ttyS0
Connect to tablet at 19200 baud.
.TP
.B isdv4-serial-debugger \-v \-\-reset /dev/ttyS1
Connect with verbose output and reset the tablet first.
.SH NOTES
This tool requires direct access to the serial device, which requires
appropriate permissions.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
isdv4-serial-inputattach (1), xsetwacom (1), wacom (4)
.SH AUTHORS
Written by Peter Hutterer <peter.hutterer@redhat.com> and other contributors.
