.TH isdv4-serial-inputattach 1 "@VERSION@" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
isdv4-serial-inputattach \- ISDV4 serial input device setup tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B isdv4-serial-inputattach
[options] device
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B isdv4-serial-inputattach
is an inputattach clone for ISDV4 serial Wacom devices. It sets up the serial
connection to a Wacom tablet and binds it to the kernel input system, making
the tablet available as a standard input device. This tool is used to configure
serial Wacom tablets so they can be used with the Linux input system.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Display usage information.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
Enable verbose output for debugging.
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Display version information and exit.
.TP
.B \-\-baudrate <19200|38400>
Set the baud rate for the serial connection. If not specified, the tool
attempts to auto-detect the baud rate based on the device ID.
.SH USAGE
To use isdv4-serial-inputattach, specify the serial device
file (typically /dev/ttyS0 or similar) and any desired options:

.B isdv4-serial-inputattach /dev/ttyS0
This will connect to the tablet, query its capabilities, set up the appropriate line discipline, and bind the device to the kernel input system.
.SH FUNCTIONALITY
The tool performs the following steps:
.TP
1. Opens the specified serial device
.TP
2. Detects or uses the specified baud rate (auto-detects based on device ID if not specified)
.TP
3. Queries the tablet to determine its capabilities
.TP
4. Sets the serial line discipline to N_MOUSE
.TP
5. Binds the kernel driver (W8001 serio type)
.TP
6. Sets up signal handlers for clean shutdown
.SH BAUD RATE DETECTION
The tool can automatically detect the appropriate baud rate based on the device ID:
.TP
\- Devices with ID up to WACf007 use 19200 baud
.TP
\- Devices with ID WACf008 and higher use 38400 baud
.TP
\- FUJ devices use 19200 baud

If auto-detection fails, the tool will try the alternative baud rate.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B isdv4-serial-inputattach \-\-baudrate 19200 /dev/ttyS0
Connect to tablet at 19200 baud.
.TP
.B isdv4-serial-inputattach \-v /dev/ttyS1
Connect with verbose output and auto-detect baud rate.
.SH NOTES
This tool requires direct access to the serial device with appropriate
permissions. It sets up the device to work with the Linux input system and
should be used when the tablet is not automatically detected by the kernel.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
isdv4-serial-debugger (1), xsetwacom (1), wacom (4), inputattach (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Written by Peter Hutterer <peter.hutterer@redhat.com> and other contributors.
